docs: Update presto.default-namespace description (#26625)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/presto_cpp/properties.rst

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``presto.default``

  Specifies the namespace prefix for native C++ functions. This prefix is used when
  registering Velox functions in Prestissimo to ensure proper function resolution in
  multi-catalog environments.

  .. warning::

     **Critical**: When registering Velox functions, you **must** follow the
     ``catalog.schema.`` prefix pattern. Functions registered without this pattern
     will cause worker node crashes.

  The configured value (for example, ``presto.default``) is automatically appended with a
  trailing dot (``.``) to form the complete prefix (``presto.default.``). This results

>   in fully qualified function names like ``presto.default.substr`` or ``presto.default.sum``. Note, internal functions (prefixed with ``$internal$``) do not follow this pattern and are exempt from the three-part naming requirement.

Author: @steveburnett  thanks.

* **Type:** ``string``
* **Default value:** ``presto.default``

  Specifies the namespace prefix for native C++ functions. This prefix is used when
  registering Velox functions in Prestissimo to ensure proper function resolution in
  multi-catalog environments.

  .. warning::

     **Critical**: When registering Velox functions, you **must** follow the
     ``catalog.schema.`` prefix pattern. Functions registered without this pattern
     will cause worker node crashes.

>   The configured value (e.g., ``presto.default``) is automatically appended with a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The configured value (for example, ``presto.default``) is automatically appended with a
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. For more information and other alternatives, see the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for e.g.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#eg).

  trailing dot (``.``) to form the complete prefix (``presto.default.``). This results

>   in fully qualified function names like ``presto.default.substr``, ``presto.default.sum``, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  in fully qualified function names like ``presto.default.substr`` or ``presto.default.sum``.
```
Avoid Latin abbreviations. For more information and other alternatives, see the [GitLab documentation style guide recommended word list entry for etc.](https://docs.gitlab.com/development/documentation/styleguide/word_list/#etc).

>   .. note::

Author: Thanks.
